TODO.md, before:

# Installables TODO

## Tools
To transition more seamless to any sort of work env, it would be good to have
these items be more easily setup.

### General tools
Add setup commands for
- [y] - vscode
- [y] - lvim
- [y] - atom replacement = pulsar? PPM is slow..
- [ ] - pulsar - add package restore/install script, which loops through and installs the
        packages in a list line by line, with graceful resume.
- [y] - install docker
- [y] - default terminal / editor / etc. - https://ubuntuhandbook.org/index.php/2022/03/change-default-terminal-ubuntu/
- [y] - install xclip
- [y] - install nvm
- [y] - install pnpm
- [y] - install go (go.dev/doc/install)
- [y] - install general go packages (e.g. gum)
- [y] - install fontmanager (so much easier..)

### System tweaks
- [ ] - Capslock to ESC (Windows, Linux, etc) - may be a bios thing

### Designer tools
- [y] - install inkscape
- [y] - install gimp

### Work / Life (copy, move or re-generate)
- [ ] - Transfer bookmarks across for browsers
- [ ] - Re-add any keyword search customisations for browsers
- [ ] - Re-add/cycle any TOKENS (github, gitlab, composer, other services, etc)

- [ ] - ssh keys - recreate
- [ ] - gpg keys - cycle/backup/move/etc

### Setup checklist
- [ ] - Folders (work, personal, etc) as required.
    Strategies:
    - Existing workplace - rsync from old laptop to upgraded

Commit message:

Update TODO.md Update setup/executable_20_install_composer.sh

TODO.md, after:

# Installables TODO

## Tools
To transition more seamless to any sort of work env, it would be good to have
these items be more easily setup.

### General tools
Add setup commands for
- [y] - vscode
- [y] - lvim
- [y] - atom replacement = pulsar? PPM is slow..
- [ ] - pulsar - add package restore/install script, which loops through and installs the
        packages in a list line by line, with graceful resume.
- [y] - install docker
- [y] - default terminal / editor / etc. - https://ubuntuhandbook.org/index.php/2022/03/change-default-terminal-ubuntu/
- [y] - install xclip
- [y] - install nvm
- [y] - install pnpm
- [y] - install go (go.dev/doc/install)
- [y] - install general go packages (e.g. gum)
- [y] - install fontmanager (so much easier..)

### PHP
- [ ] - install PHP
- [ ] - install PHPCS - and bring all relevant standards in
- [ ] - install PHP misc tools (composer, etc)

### System tweaks
- [ ] - Capslock to ESC (Windows, Linux, etc) - may be a bios thing

### Designer tools
- [y] - install inkscape
- [y] - install gimp

### Work / Life (copy, move or re-generate)
- [ ] - Transfer bookmarks across for browsers
- [ ] - Re-add any keyword search customisations for browsers
- [ ] - Re-add/cycle any TOKENS (github, gitlab, composer, other services, etc)

- [ ] - ssh keys - recreate
- [ ] - gpg keys - cycle/backup/move/etc

### Setup checklist
- [ ] - Folders (work, personal, etc) as required.
    Strategies:
    - Existing workplace - rsync from old laptop to upgraded
